(Grandione House)
You both have superb skills.
(Tomas Grandione)
You could do that?
(Mireille Grandione)
I predicted all your moves, Tomas.
Let's play another round.
Mireille was always
several steps ahead of me.
(Military Academy Junior Division,
Duchy of Missian)
She was smart, and also very capable.
No matter how hard I tried,
I couldn't win against Mireille.
(Arcantez Castle)
It stayed that way even after
I started serving the Duke.
I'm always walking
in the shadow of Mireille.
Mireille is a genius.
That is an undeniable fact.
However,
the contempt for my father was wrong.
My father was an outstanding man
who never betrayed his loyalty.
As long as I win against Mireille,
I can prove that I am right.
But then, that day suddenly came.
Mireille Grandione, you are banished.
I've messed it up.
(Episode 23: Loyalty)
Tomas Grandione,
as the Duke of the Duchy of Missian,
I appoint you as my adviser.
I obey your command, Lord Amador.
From now on, I rely on you.
Do fulfill your duty.
Yes.
I have finally won against her.
It is the result of serving loyally
just like my father.
I was right.
I thought so.
(As a Reincarnated Aristocrat, I'll Use
My Appraisal Skill to Rise in the World S2)
Mireille figured out my whole plan.
She is undoubtedly a genius.
But if I continue to fail…
I…
Lord Tomas…
This isn't like you at all.
Tomas.
(Basamark Salemakhia)
Lord Basamark.
Curran and the others will
arrive in Belzud soon.
I wanted to check up on you before that.
I am sorry!
Next time, I will help you have a victory…
I heard that Mireille was serving Curran.
No wonder it's such a hard battle.
Tomas, lift your head.
I know you are loyal.
Just like your father,
you are more devoted
to our Duchy than anyone.
How could I blame you?
Just like you,
I am devoted to Duchy of Missian.
To protect my late father's legacy,
I chose to draw my sword.
For our homeland,
we must defeat Curran.
Lord Basamark…
I'm counting on you, Tomas.
Yes.
(Staatz Castle)
Next, we'll attack Belzud Castle,
the most important stronghold of Belzud,
one of the three major cities.
Yes.
(Attacking Belzud)
When we attacked Staatz Castle,
Tomas came personally to assassinate me.
(Samuk Castle, Rolto Castle, Staatz Castle)
That means they have been driven to desperation.
In Belzud,
they will charge at us desperately.
Everyone, I'm counting on you.
Yes.
Are we finally going to
face Mr. Tomas head-on?
That means Miss Mireille…
Excuse me.
Someone claimed to be a messenger
of the Belzud county chief.
He wants to meet Lord Curran.
I came by the order of
the Belzud county chief,
Lord Kanses Bandol.
What is the message?
He wants to know
if you can call a truce on the war.
A truce at this point?
Lord Kanses does not
want any more casualties.
Seeing that defeat is imminent
but unwilling to surrender,
he's hoping for a truce?
No.
It's your side that
will suffer casualties.
What do you mean?
We have successfully
developed a large-scale weapon,
a super catalyst machine,
and magic that can destroy
a city in one strike.
If we get serious,
we can turn this area to ashes.
Assuming it does exist,
why don't you use it?
We cannot bear to destroy the territory
and slaughter people,
not even for a victory.
But if the war continues,
we will have no choice but to use it.
That's why we request a truce.
I cannot believe your words right away.
Give me some time.
That is obviously a bluff.
You are right.
Have you heard about a large weapon?
The former Duke never mentioned it.
Besides, with Belzud's capability,
they shouldn't be able to
create such powerful weapons.
Who would believe that?
Frankly, I think it's not
even worth considering.
That's true.
Okay, then we will refuse this request
and ask the messenger to return.
Yes.
What's wrong, Rosell?
Nothing.
I just think it's too rash
to call it a bluff.
They should know that
a bluff like that would not work.
Mr. Tomas is with them, isn't he?
Could they have another purpose?
I don't know either.
Um, could you tell me more
about you and Mr. Tomas?
Why do you suddenly ask?
Thinking from the enemy's perspective.
Isn't that what you taught me?
That's true, but…
Why did Mr. Tomas and you
become tacticians?
We just went along with the tide.
(Head of the Grandione Family)
(Edward Grandione)
What is going on?
(The Grandione Siblings)
You have committed the crime of treason
and will be sentenced to death.
Please wait.
I could never commit treason.
Many people have informed
on you to Lord Duke.
From today, the Grandione family
will be stripped of their nobility.
What did Lord Duke say?
I have petitioned many times.
I am sorry, but this decision
will not change.
Please wait!
At least hear out my final request.
All right.
I will hear what you have to say.
Thank you.
I have two children.
Could you please promote them?
If that's not possible,
please kill them.
You want us to kill the children?
Different from me, they are outstanding.
And that makes them dangerous.
If their nobility is stripped away
and you hand them over to another Duchy,
eventually,
they may become a threat
to Duchy of Missian.
Father must have been framed.
He is so loyal that
he would even kill his heirs.
How could he possibly betray the Duke?
That's impossible!
Right, Mireille?
This has become quite a headache.
Why are you so calm?
We might die.
Think about it.
Regardless of Father's plea,
the Duke decided to execute him.
Given that, how could he possibly believe
his claim that we should be killed?
Then, my father was executed.
Tomas and I were demoted to commoners.
Just let them go.
Although they are the family of a traitor,
now they are just commoners.
Taking them seriously would be ridiculous.
Ow…
It's great we weren't killed, Tomas.
Living on like this is meaningless.
Father was too stubborn.
Better to flee than to be killed.
How stupid.
Don't say that!
Father is not stupid!
You should be fine if you can be so loud.
Tomas, we have lost our home and parents.
But we still have our minds and voices.
With these weapons,
we can survive.
We are no longer nobles.
Thank goodness, Tomas.
We don't have to wear
these stiff clothes anymore.
We're no longer nobles.
In order to survive,
we entered a military school
for commoners.
Then we became tacticians.
Tomas has always hated me.
He was always chasing after me.
It's really annoying.
What a past you've had.
That's enough talk.
I'm going to have a drink.
(Belzud Castle)
Hurry, set off once you're ready.
Tomas.
Are you really going?
Yes.
Staatz Castle is now occupied.
There won't be reinforcements.
- The situation is…
- Lord Kanses.
I am simply being loyal to Lord Basamark.
I must win against Mireille this time
and put an end to our grudge.
Is the preparation going well?
Yes, the reinforcements are almost here.
Very good.
Inform me immediately if anything happens.
Lord Curran!
What is it?
The scouts have sent a report.
A large weapon has been spotted
on the hills of Belzud.
What?
The scouts have sent a report.
A large weapon has been spotted
on the hills of Belzud.
Isn't that a hoax?
With Belzud's financial resources
and technology,
it shouldn't be possible.
(Feeling Familiar)
What do you think?
Is it really a weapon?
To be honest, it's suspicious.
It must be a bluff.
They must have created a fake one
to confuse us.
I think so too.
What if it's really a weapon?
We could be in danger.
You believed it without an investigation?
Are you fools?
- What?
- What did you call us?
To clarify that,
can we ask them to investigate?
Ask whom?
The local scouts have already returned.
Alright, then I'll ask Mr. Fahm.
Young master sure knows
how to order people around.
That's the large weapon they spoke of.
Report.
The large weapon is fake.
What?
After a thorough investigation,
no magic water channel necessary
for casting magic was found.
Nor did we see any Mages.
I see.
That is to say,
they sent envoys
to urge us to cease the war
just to stall for time?
Huh?
But it's strange if that's the case.
Rosell, what is it?
Even if the enemy has more time,
geographically,
they can't call for reinforcements
from Belzud Castle.
On the contrary, we'd be able to
increase our reinforcements.
For them, it would be
more disadvantageous.
That makes sense.
Moreover, do they really think
we would fall for the fake weapon?
Our opponent is Mr. Tomas.
Regarding that,
the enemy has reinforced
the defenses of Belzde Castle.
Is that what they were stalling for?
It appears so.
Still, it's better not to give
the enemy any more time.
But this situation
feels somewhat familiar.
A super catalyst machine
and magic that can destroy
a city in one strike.
- Well then, everyone go prepare…
- Please wait!
What is it?
I've encountered this situation before.
A lie about a secret weapon
was also exposed?
No, it's not like that.
I understand, young master.
You mean that mock battle, right?
Yes! The mock battle!
At that time,
Miss Mireille had the soldiers surrender
and released false information
to lure us into attacking.
This time, the opponents also sent envoys
to give out fake information
that was easily exposed
to entice us to attack.
It's the same battle plan.
What are you talking about?
So, my brother Tomas
intentionally let us expose them
to lure us into attacking.
He wants to defeat us
when we are careless.
I see.
Did he come up with this plan
because he believes in your intelligence?
If that's the case,
the enemy should set an ambush.
On the route to Belzud Castle,
the troops will be stretched out.
The place that's vulnerable to ambush
is right here.
The Kai Forest.
The enemy is probably
lying in ambush there.
Well done, Ars.
Now we can turn the tables on them.
It's nothing. Thank you.
Alright, let's set off.
Burn the ambushing soldiers
along with the forest.
Yes.
You used the strategy
I came up with before.
You are still too green.
This time will be another win for me.
In terms of tactics,
the most important thing is to know
how much the opponent can see through.
Only those who understand
the intelligence of the opponent
and see through the opponent
can win in war.
(Kai Forest)
The enemy troops led by Tomas
came to Kai Forest near Belzud
just as Mireille and the others predicted.
But now,
the one who knows
the enemy best is not Mireille,
but Tomas.
Just wait and see, Mireille.
You must have guessed that
we sent soldiers to ambush
and plan to burn down the entire forest.
You think you've won.
But throughout the forest,
we've placed magical devices
that will explode upon contacting flames.
It will inflict great damage on you.
It's an outstanding battle plan
that sees through the enemy.
Lord Tomas is amazing.
It's all set up.
Very good.
Now, I will tell you the real battle plan.
The enemy's numbers
are several times ours.
Even if the explosion
takes down some of them,
it won't stop their assault.
Then it'd be meaningless.
No, as long as there's an explosion,
the enemy will be convinced
that their strategy is wrong.
Do you want us to charge into the enemy
in the midst of the explosion?
Yes.
Currently,
we're at an overwhelming disadvantage.
To turn the table,
we must be prepared to die.
The battle is a fight to the death.
We probably won't
be able to return safely.
Those who can't make up their minds
should leave while I have my back turned.
This is a dangerous plan.
If we can't take the enemy leader's head,
we may die in vain.
But…
I see.
So you are Edward Grandione's…
He was more dedicated
to our Duchy than anyone.
I believe Edward is innocent.
We've lost a valuable talent.
At that moment,
I swore loyalty to Lord Basamark.
To secure victory for Lord Basamark,
I will spare no effort.
The battle plan
for Samook Castle was the same.
I felt that self-destruction
was the last resort…
I am always ready to face death.
I did it all for Lord Basamark.
This loyalty is an affirmation
of my father's beliefs,
and also the key to
my victory over Mireille.
Even if no one stays,
I will go alone.
You…
Lord Tomas,
just as you swore your loyalty
to Lord Basamark,
we also swear our loyalty to you.
Many of these people
will likely not return alive.
However,
unlike a disorganized army,
an army that fights with resolve is very strong.
I am proud of you all.
Take your positions!
Charge in at the sound of the explosion!
Yes!
The Kai Forest is right ahead.
Thanks to Rosell,
we understood the enemy's purpose.
Yes.
However, the enemy may have strategies
beyond our expectations.
We can't be careless,
but Lord Ars will be alright.
(Next Episode: Entrusted Longing)
Next Episode: Entrusted Longing.